WE HAVE A DATE, BUT SHE'S LATE
Mom, bring me a glass of milk.
Mom, I want a glass of milk.
-Give me a glass of milk!
-Go get it yourself!
You're always sitting at home,
drawing all this junk!
Does drawing that stuff pay
for the food you eat?
-Are you the son of a pig?
-No, he's my son.
He can't even make enough money
to buy his own socks.
I don't even expect to get
a gift from my sons.
Stop all that junk!
Junk?
Have you ever bought me a tablet
to draw cartoons with?
Hey! What did you just say?
How can you say that to your mom?
Okay, so this is how you're gonna be?
Do you think I'm at home
because I've got nowhere to go?
What? Hey!
Just wait until I become famous.
You'll regret how you treat me now!
You know Mom's birthday
is today, right? Don't be late.
Mom's birthday!
I don't even expect to get
a gift from my sons.
You idiot!
How could you forget that?
Just die!
"From your son, Seok."
Okay, leave this card here...
And I need to hide.
-Oh, she's here.
-What time is Jun coming home?
He knows today's your birthday.
He'll be here soon.
-Well...
-He likes food, so the cake will be...
Oh, I'm tired.
After she reads the card,
I'll go, "Ta-da!"
DEAR MOM
Hon, look at this.
Oh, the candles!
Dear Mom...
Thank you for raising me.
I can't live up to your expectations,
but please don't worry anymore.
I'm sorry and thank you.
Your son, Seok.
That idiot ran away from home!
Were we too harsh on him this morning?
But how could he run away
on his mother's birthday?
What? Run away?
I'll light the candles and go out.
He must be too upset.
That's why he left.
Good.
A tablet? How much is it?
Let's buy him one when he comes back.
Yes, let's do that.
I'LL JUST STAY HERE
But today is Mom's birthday.
She might be too worried to have a party.
Should I go out?
Happy birthday to you!
Happy birthday, dear Mom
Mom, the candles!
Mom, try this!
-Gotcha!
-You--
-Gotcha.
-Mom!
For you!
What is this?
-A face mask?
-Yeah.
Is this that popular face mask
with an animal drawn on it?
The woman next door
was bragging about hers.
-Not that one.
-Yeah?
Thanks, anyway.
I'm hungry.
Mom, cook sweet and sour pork
for my birthday next year.
Seok loves japchae.
Leave some for him.
I'm hungry. Should I go out there?
He has no place to go.
He will come back tonight.
Right, what the hell am I doing?
I'll go out and eat japchae.
Dad, he won't come back that quickly.
Come back on the same day
and lose face?
I wouldn't call him a man.
He'd just be a clown.
Right!
-Don't be so picky.
-I won't say a word.
It's okay. Hang in there.
It's not the right time to go out.
Hang in there. Take it easy.
I'm going out!
That's it.
A few more steps.
Did you just poop?
Disgusting!
Hon, what are you doing?
She thinks I'm Dad.
I should pretend I'm him.
Yeah, I'm pooping now!
Is he out of his mind?
What are you doing?
Take your pants off. Do you need
to be potty trained all over again?
Oh, the sound!
-Take your pants off.
-What do you mean?
Do you smell poop?
-Do you?
-Take your pants off.
I didn't poop. I swear.
You're out of your mind.
What do you smell?
-You said you pooped.
-You've gone too far!
You always look down on me.
What are you looking at?
Oh, man! It's yummy!
It's your turn to pay.
See you later.
Mom, where's the newspaper?
In the basket next to the air conditioner!
In the basket? Where is it?
Is the air conditioner automatic?
Mom, the newspaper is right here.
That was close.
Strange. I'm sure I heard it.
People should try to age gracefully.
She's losing it.
Let me introduce you to the latest trend,
the healthy low sodium diet!
It's so simple.
Who wants to eat rice? Me!
Who wants chicken? Me!
You just have to eat like this.
Simple, right?
Did you eat this?
After eating so much at dinner?
Didn't I tell you to leave some for Seok?
I didn't eat it.
Then, did Seok eat it?
Why is it so cold in here?
Why are you wasting money?
-Why did you turn on the air conditioner?
-I didn't!
So, your brother turned it on, huh?
It turned itself on.
I'm telling the truth.
Do you want to die?
Do you think money grows on trees?
I told you to save energy, water, and--
-I told you--
-I didn't do it.
What's the matter with her?
Seriously...
What is that? Poop?
Oh, I need to go, too.
Come out right now!
Don't forget to save water.
Come out, hurry!
Jeez...
You disgusting piece of crap!
Don't forget to flush, you moron!
Are you doing this on purpose?
You told me to save water.
Do you think Seok will come home today?
Yeah, I'll just act like I left
and then came back.
You're underestimating him.
He's over 30.
He even left a card before leaving.
He is not coming back after just one day.
-We should be nicer to him.
-How much longer do I need to be in here?
By the way,
what kind of tablet should we buy?
I don't know.
Let's do some research.
Does he really need a tablet?
He said he needs one.
What's so great about it
that he's willing to leave home for it?
-A face mask?
-Yeah.
Is this that popular face mask
with an animal drawn on it?
The woman next door
was bragging about hers.
-Not that one.
-Yeah?
I also gave Mom a birthday present.
How do I talk to the staff?
What's so important
about talking to the staff?
I feel like I'm gonna cry.
The other day...
I don't even know
if Seok is getting enough to eat.
Let's see...
Why are these all open?
Did I open them?
Honey, where is my blue tie?
In the wardrobe, maybe?
-Just go to sleep. Look for it tomorrow.
-Yeah, all right. Let's do that.
This one has a drawing on it!
This is the mask!
THIS IS JUST RIGHT...
Why hasn't he come home yet?
Did he find out the secret?
No way!
If he found out,
he wouldn't be able to accept it.
No, he must've found out
about it on his own.
I mean, he's unusually tall.
Even an idiot would've noticed it.
What are they talking about?
-Are they saying...?
-No.
Seok is my son, no matter what.
We need to take this secret to our graves.
Why are they crying?
No... that's a lie!
That can't be right!
Where is his birth mother?
You know.
The veggie juice lady.
Honey, where is my blue tie?
In the wardrobe, maybe?
Just go to sleep. Look for it tomorrow.
Yeah, all right. Let's do that.
But I have to leave early tomorrow.
Where could it...?
Could it be over here?
You little...
You moron.
YOU MORON
Oh, Mom! My mom!
Hey!
-Are you all finished?
-Yeah.
-Honey--
-I'll wash my own dish, Mom--
-Give me that.
-Okay.
Veggie juice delivery!
I'll get it.
DAILY VEGGIE JUICE
You look so pale.
Yeah? I'm--
Eat these.
I'll give you these, too.
Make sure you eat them all.
"Mom."
Mom.
YEAR 2066
Let's get back to the interview.
We were talking about your wife, Ae-bong.
My wife?
Everyone is so curious about her.
Yes, you're correct.
Can you tell us your love story?
Well...
Actually, we have
a very special love story.
My heart pounds whenever
I think about the wedding in 2016,
as if today were that day.
I remember everything.
THE 2016 WEDDING RECEPTION
Ae-bong wore her hair in a bob.
She was a cute girl.
-Let's be friends forever.
-Of course.
Let's see each other often
even after the wedding.
Sure, man!
Pick a wine for me.
-You like this one, right?
-I love it!
That's the only wine I drink.
You remembered. Same ol' Seok.
I really shouldn't get drunk today.
I don't know about anyone else,
but, to me, Ae-bong looked
the most beautiful.
REPLY 2016
He won the first game.
WHO IS AE-BONG?
Seok, did you say hello to our classmates?
Great to see you all!
You guys didn't change a bit!
Congratulations on your wedding!
Seok, it's been a long time!
-Hope you have a happy marriage!
-Yeah, see you next time.
-Wait.
-Why?
-A hair.
-Oh, honey!
Who are you?
Are you hitting on my girlfriend?
Sook, didn't I tell you
not to wear a skirt?
You're making all the men crazy about you!
That's driving me crazy!
-No, there was a hair--
-Don't lose any more hair.
Not even one strand of hair. Got it?
How dare you raise your voice to me!
I tried to be nice,
but I can't take this anymore.
You interrupted me and my friends.
Come on, let's go. How embarrassing.
Sorry, honey!
-Honey!
-Let's go!
Honey!
They must really be in love.
Let's resume the party now.
Come up here, bride and groom.
Well...
My life is over.
Stop saying that.
Honey, come on.
My life is definitely over.
Be happy!
My best friends, Nam-cheol and Yun-ji,
got married that day.
It was an unforgettable day because...
Seok.
I have a blind date. Should I go?
Don't go.
No more blind dates.
-So, you love me--
-No, I just pity that poor guy.
Being good-looking isn't everything!
Being handsome isn't everything!
That day, I saw Ae-bong
for the first time in a long time.
It was like destiny.
Why isn't she here yet?
The reception is almost over.
-Sorry I'm late.
-Everyone was waiting for you.
Sorry, but I'm so glad you didn't leave.
-Oh, it's hot. I'm thirsty.
-Allow me.
It's okay. I can fill up my own glass.
Let me fill up your glass.
Let's hang out after I get
back from my honeymoon.
I'm envious of them.
When will I get married?
Seok, do you think
you're not ready for marriage?
-Yeah.
-I'm ready, though.
What?
-Good job!
-You, too!
Hey, what are you thinking about?
No, I want to get married,
but there's financial uncertainty
being a webtoon artist,
and I haven't been able to save much.
That's okay. That's why I'm here.
HEALTH INSURANCE POLICY
This is a new one.
This is private health insurance
for the elderly.
You will probably live alone,
so you need a plan for your later years.
When you're sick and alone,
how will you pay for your hospital bill?
So, I brought this for you.
That's why you're here.
I wish you'd just get lost.
When you die,
we'll cover the cost of the funeral.
Do you think you're not going to die?
Sorry, but I have no money.
I'll get it when I have money.
Oh, okay.
You should've said that earlier.
Son of a...
Gyun-seong!
Oh, my gosh!
I was out of my mind. Idiot.
Oh, no! I'm sorry!
-Are you okay?
-Yeah, I'm okay.
Oh, Seok?
You're Seok Cho
from Saebit High School, right?
Ae-bong!
TO BE CONTINUED IN 60 SECONDS
Everyone was moving! What is this?
I could've died!
Shall I go again?
And action.
Ae-bong!
Oh, my gosh.
Hey, you look awful.
I must've hit your face.
No, you didn't.
What are you saying?
How come you look so awful?
You should go see a doctor.
Ae-bong looked so beautiful
with her bob and her cute skirt.
In 2016, my heart was racing so fast.
Was it because of heartworms,
or because of her?
I wanted to know.
I--
You want to know, right?
Yeah. No.
Sorry! Recently, guys have been trying
to kiss me saying that they want to know.
I'm really sorry.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah.
Anyway, it's good to see you!
It's been so long! How have you been?
You look great!
-You're so tall.
-That day, I met my first love again.
It was like destiny.
And Ae-bong became
my first and last love.
IF I HAD KNOWN THEN
WHAT I KNOW NOW...
Great! Let's get started.
You, with the bob.
Move one step to my right.
Oh, no.
You, with the bob.
One step down, please.
Back there, you, with the bob.
Would you switch with the one
in front of you?
Oh, no.
Why did you move?
Why does everyone have bobs?
It's so confusing!
Last time!
The ladies with bobs in the middle,
please switch spots.
I'll just take it!